Update building-a-native-android-app.md (#645)
codemagic-ci-cd/codemagic-docs: content/yaml-quick-start/building-a-native-android-app.md

          storeFile=$FCI_KEYSTORE_PATH
          EOF
      - name: Build Android app
        script: 

>           ./gradlew bundleRelease  # To generate .aab
>           ./gradlew assembleRelease  # To generate .apk

Reviewer: ```suggestion
          ./gradlew bundleRelease  # To generate an .apk use: ./gradlew assembleRelease
```
